Sars CoV II is the virus
that causes COVID-19.
The viral surface is studded with spike
proteins shown in teal membrane proteins
shown in yellow and envelope proteins
shown in red in crosssection.
The viral RNA genome in Orange is wrapped
around nucleicapsed protein shown in Gray.
An individual can be infected
with SARS CoV two after inhaling
airborne viral particles.
These viruses can then travel
into the Airways, where they may encounter
cells of the respiratory epithelium
in the trachea and lungs.
The spike protein on SARSCoV two
recognizes a specific protein called ace
two, which is shown here
in purple on the cell surface.
The spike protein, which is normally very
dynamic and able to undergo opening,
closing, and bending movements,
is locked into an open position.
After binding to ace two, another protein.
On the cell surface called Temporis two.
And shown in Orange, can then cut
the spike protein in a specific location.
These segments of the spike protein fall
away, exposing a portion of the spike
protein, which was previously hidden.
The spike protein is then able to undergo
a series of dramatic
conformational changes.
During the first stage,
the spike protein inserts itself
into the membrane of the cell.
In the second stage, segments of the spike
protein zipper back on itself,
forcing the membrane of the cell
and the viral membrane to fuse.
After fusion, the viral RNA is deposited
into the host cell, where it will direct
the cell to produce more variants.
Once the nucleic capsid is inside
the cell, ribosomes start translating
the polyprotein precursor
of the nonstructural viral proteins.
It is hypothesized that the progression
of the ribosomes along the viral RNA
results in the disassembly
of the Nproteins.
The precise timing of polyprotein
processing, however, is unclear.
Soon after NSP Three S protease domain is
translated, it is thought to start
cleaving NSPS One, two, and three.
Msps.
Three, four,
and six are inserted into the er membrane
through an unknown mechanism
and NSP five processes.
The remaining portion of the elongating
polyprotein
ribosomal frameshifting is a key
event during early translation.
It occurs at a slippery sequence located
in the context of a pseudonot structure
just upstream of the first stop codon.
If a ribosome melts the pseudonut quickly,
it progresses without frameshifting
and then disassembles
at the first stop codon.
Nsp Five then Cleaves the polyprotein
precursor
the pseudonotholds,
before it is encountered
by a closely trailing ribosome.
This time, the pause induced
from the pseudonaut results in a minus one
frame shift, allowing the ribosome
to progress beyond the stop codon.
In this case, NSP's twelve to 16 can be
translated, and the polyprotein
is processed by NSP Five.
In parallel, the er undergoes a striking
but poorly understood remodeling event.
Nsps three and four interact
to induce membrane pairing.
This promotes membrane curvature.
Msps and the genomic RNA are trapped
into double membrane vesicles, or DMVs,
that form through unclear mechanisms.
To propagate itself,
the virus must replicate its genome
and generate a large number
of subgenomic RNAs in the DMVs.
The viral genome is about 30 kilobases
long, and its three primen consists
of genes encoding structural proteins.
These genes are transcribed
into a nested set of subgenomic RNAs.
The first set of subgenomic
RNAs are negative sense RNAs.
These are later copied into positive sense
RNAs that serve as messenger RNA templates
for the translation
of structural proteins.
An interesting feature of the subgenomic
RNAs is that they all share a copy
of the leader sequence that is present
at the five prime end of the genomic RNA.
So how does this leader or L sequence
get added to all the subgenomic RNAs?
This process involves a series
of sequences called transcription
regulatory sequences, or TRSs.
The TRS are present at the junctions
between each open reading frame of genes
encoding structural and accessory
proteins, as well as in the leader
sequence at the five prime
end of the genomic RNA.
The core sequence of these TRS is highly
conserved, and the leader TRS is thought
to remain in close proximity to a body TRS
for base pairing during transcription.
When the RTC reaches a body TRS and copies
its core sequence, it can either continue
or switch to the five prime end
of the genomic RNA where the copied TRS
matches with the leader TRS,
leading to continuous transcription.
In this way, all the subgenomic RNAs
obtain the leader sequence
at their three prime end.
The RTC is a replication transcription
complex made up of NSPS.
However, its specific function
is not yet well understood.
In the next segment,
we will show two Hypotheses that are
currently being tested in DMVs.
Replication and transcription are carried
out by the replication
transcription complex.
The core structure of the RTC consists
of NSPS, seven, eight, and twelve.
They assemble at the three prime end
of a template genomic RNA and initiate
transcription with the help
of NSPS 1013, 14, and 16.
It is hypothesized that transcription
pauses when the RTC reaches transcription
regulating sequences, or TRS,
shown here in yellow.
Its helicase domain can then act
on the doublestranded RNA,
causing RTC backtracking and unwinding
of the doublestranded RNA.
The core sequence of the TRS
is highly conserved.
Therefore, when the copied TRS
at the three prime end of a newly
synthesized RNA matches with the TRS
in the leader sequence at the five prime
end of a template genomic RNA,
transcription elongation continues.
In this way, all the newly synthesized
RNAs can obtain the leader
sequence at their three prime end.
In DMVs, replication and transcription are
carried out by a replication
transcription complex.
The core structure of RTC consists
of NSPS, seven, eight, and twelve.
It is hypothesized that the genomic RNA
first needs to be
replicated in full length.
Nsp 13 binds to the positive RNA strand
in transcription regulatory sequences,
or TRSs, in order to keep an open bubble.
Meanwhile, the RTC assembles at the three
prime end of the positive genomic RNA
and initiates transcription
with the help of NSPS 1014 and 16.
When the RTC reaches a TRS, it pauses
and disassociates from the template RNA.
Then, the RTC is recruited by the leader
TRS at the five prime end
of the positive genomic RNA.
The core sequence of the TRS
is highly conserved.
Therefore, when the copied TRS
at the three prime end of a newly
synthesized RNA matches with the leader
TRS, transcription elongation continues.
In this way, all the newly synthesized
RNAs can obtain the leader
sequence at their three prime end.
Over the course of hours, the cell.
Has transformed into a viral factory and
will soon release newly formed viruses.
At the DMVs, numerous copies of viral.
RNAs have been produced.
Rnas are thought to be released
into the cytosol through
pores in the DMV membrane.
The viral genomic RNA interacts
with Nucleocapsid or Nprotein,
which acts to compact the RNA.
Meanwhile, structural viral proteins
including matrix envelope and spike
proteins have been translated by ribosomes
at the Er and transported to the Er Golgi
intermediate compartment or Ergic.
At the Ergic membrane,
the RNA and Nproteins bud inwards
with the help of matrix proteins.
New viruses are then thought to be.
Transported between different membrane
compartments including Lysosomes
and the multiversecular body or MVB.
Fusion of the MVB with the plasma.
Membrane releases the newly formed viruses
to the extracellular space where they are
able to attach to and infect new cells.